The cube in front and to the right of the black bottle with the white cap.
hand me the orange cube that is on the far right
Pick up the orange cube behind and to the right of the cup.
it is the orange cube farthest to the right
orange cube to your far right
I want the cube next to the right of the black bottle with the white lid.
Orange cube furthest right
please get me the orange cube  that is the right most
The cube right in front of the yellow bowl.
I want the orange cube between the blue bowl and the red cup.
it is the orange cube nearest you
please get me the orange cube  in front of the yellow bowl
Orange cube besides the cup.
orange cube to your close front right
Orange cube nearest the yellow bowl
Pick up the orange cube in front of the yellow bowl.
hand me the orange cube that is in front of yellow bowl
it is the orange cube between the tan and blue bowls near you
the orange cube in front of the the brown bowl.
The orange cube close to the robot between the brown and blue bowls.
orange cube between you and wood bowl
Pick the orange cube to the left of blue bowl.
please get me the orange cube  between the blue and brown bowl
orange cube to your close left
it is the orange cube right in the middle between the yellow and tan bowls
please get me the orange cube  in front of the green ball
Hand me the orange cube closest to the lime.
The orange block between the 3 bowls.
orange cube between the yellow and wooden bowls
The orange cube is placed in left of the robot and its in between three cups colored yellow, blue and sandal, and in front of the lemon
I want the orange cube that is behind the blue bowl and in front of the lime.
The orange cube directly behind the yellow bowl.
Give me the cube in front of the yellow bowl
Give me the orange cube directly behind the yellow bowl.
Orange block closest and behind the yellow bowl
please get me the orange cube  behind the yellow bowl
It is the one that is second closest to me
The orange block second farthest away from the robot, behind the yellow bowl.
orange cube 2nd closest to me, on a straight line between me and yellow bowl
I want the orange cube that is between the vaseline and the purple cube on the left.
Take the orange cube between the Vaseline and purple cube
hand me the orange cube that is to right of white spoon
Orange cube furthest left
please get me the orange cube that is the left most
Hand me the orange cube furthest to your left.
it is the orange cube farthest to the left
I want the cube that is all the way to the left between the Vaseline and the purple cube.
hand me the orange cube that is closer to me
Pick up the orange cube closest to me
it is the orange cube nearest to me
please get me the orange cube  closest to me
The orange cube that is the farthest from you.
I want the cube that is the farthest away from you.
I want the orange cube that is behind the lime closest to me.
Orange block nearest the person
The cube that is furthest away in front of you.
please get me the orange cube  behind the spoon
the orange cube behind the spoon
Bring the orange cube between the white spoon and black bottle.
Orange block behind the spoon
Hand the orange cube furthest to your right.
it is the orange cube farthest to the right
Pick the right most orange cube behind the spoon.
The orange cube to the far right of the robot, between the mug and spoon.
Pick the orange cube behind the wooden bowl.
orange cube between the lime and wood bowl
Orange cube between the wooden bowl and kiwi
it is the orange cube between the lime and tan bowl
hand me the orange cube that is in front of you
please get me the orange cube  in front of the green ball
Pick up the orange cube behind the wooden bowl.
Pick up the orange cube that is between the wooden bowl and the green ball.
The cube between the wooden bowl and green sphere.
orange cube between wood and blue bowl
The cube between the green and blue cup.
orange cube between the blue and wooden bowl.
please get me the orange cube  closest to you
it is the orange cube nearest to you
The cube between the blue bowl and the wooden bowl.
I want the orange cube that is between the blue bowl and the wooden bowl.
bring the cube nearest to the yellow bowl.
directly in the middle and closest to the yellow bowl
please get me the orange cube  in front of the yellow bowl
orange cube nearest the yellow bowl
orange cube closet to the front of the yellow bowl
I want the orange cube in front of the yellow bowl that is to the left of the lime.
Bring me the orange cube close to the yellow bowl.
Pick the orange cube in front of the blue bowl.
hand me the orange cube that is left of yellow bowl
it is the orange cube nearest to me
The closest cube to the left of the yellow bowl.
I want the orange cube behind the blue bowl to the left of the yellow bowl.
orange cube directly past the blue bowl
please get me the orange cube closest to me
please get me the orange cube that is the left most
orange cube on the far left
hand me the orange cube that is to the far right
The orange cube behind the Vaseline.
it is the orange cube farthest to the left
Give me the cube on the far left, behind the vaseline.
Orange block furthest to the left
The orange block on the robot's far left, between two purple objects.
orange cube on the far right
Retrieve the cube that is left of the furthest cube to your right
The cube between the cup and the bowl.
The closer orange cube between the mug and wooden bowl.
I want the orange cube between the wooden bowl and the red cup, behind the purple cube.
orange cube to your near left
it is the orange cube farthest to the right
Orange block nearest the coffee mug
please get me the orange cube  in front of the mug
hand me the orange cube that is in front of you
it is the orange cube between the lime and tan bowl
orange cube between the wooden bowl and the kiwi
orange cube in front of the brown bowl
The cube between the tomato and the green bowl.
The cube between the lime and the wooden bowl.
orange cube between the wood bowl and the lime
please get me the orange cube in front of the lime
orange cube in the middle between the plastic spoon and wood bowl
please get me the orange cube  behind the yellow bowl
Orange block hehind the yellow bowl
it is the orange cube in the middle to the right of the spoon
Hand me the orange cube that is the third over from your right.
bring the cube between the spoon and beige bowl
Go forward between the brown and yellow bowl
I want the orange cube behind the spoon.
please get me the orange cube  behind the fork
Get the orange cube behind the yellow bowl and the spoon.
Bring the orange cube in front of the white spoon.
Bring me the orange cube behind the spoon and the yellow bowl.
Orange block behind the plastic spoon
it is the orange cube nearest to me
PIck up the orange cube that is the furthest away from you.
I want the cube that is between the spoon and the Vaseline.
it is the orange cube on the left side even with the white spoon and blue bowl
The orange cube above and to the left side of the blue bowl.
the orange cube behind the blue bowl
orange cube  between spoon and purple cube
please get me the orange cube  behind the blue bowl
orange cube to your top left
please get me the orange cube  to the right of the blue bowl
bring me the orange cube between the black cube and the petroleum jelly.
it is the orange cube farthest to the left
I want the orange cube to the left of the blue bowl.
hand me the orange cube that is to the right of the blue bowl
The orange cube in front of the Vaseline.
The orange cube in front of the vaseline.
Hand me the orange cube that is closest to you on your left side.
orange cube on the far right closest to the purple cube
Orange block right of the coffee cup
one to the right of the maroon cup
it is the orange cube on the far right but nearest you
bring the orange cube between the purple cube and garlic press.
Please give me the orange cube on the table, in front and to your right, the one that the handle of the garlic press is pointing to.
Pick the orange cube to the right behind the blue cube.
please get me the orange cube  to the right of the mug
The orange cube which is furthest to the right.
Bring me the orange cube to the right of and near bottom of peeler.
hand me the orange cube that is on the far left
I want the orange cube that is to the right of the garlic press.
Orange cube that is furthest right
The cube behind and to the right of the garlic crusher.
it is the orange cube farthest to the right
Pick the rightmost orange cube behind the spoon.
please get me the orange cube on the very most right of all objects
PIck up the orange cube that is the furthest away from you.
orange cube between me and the scoop
The cube right behind the scoop.
I want the cube that is the closest to me between another orange cube and the tool with the rubber handle.
I want the orange cube that is behind the garlic press closest to me.
please get me the orange cube behind the tool
it is the orange cube on the right side near me
I want the cube that is in the middle between the spoon and the red cup.
please get me the orange cube  between the mug and spoon
it is the orange cube between the spoon and ice cream scoop
orange cube between the scoop and the spoon
hand me the orange cube that is in between the white spoon and the red cup
The cube between the mug and the spoon.
I want the orange cube that is between the spoon and the garlic press.
bring the orange cube at the bottom of the spoon.
please get me the orange cube  to the right of the pepper
hand me the orange cube that is behind White spoon
it is right in the middle next to the white spoons handle
orange cube right in the middle between the pepper and spoon
orange cube past the spoon
I want the orange cube between the garlic press and the chili that is behind the spoon.
it is the orange cube farthest to the left and near me
please get me the orange cube  behind the jalepeno
The orange block behind the pepper.
Bring me the orange cube behind the green pepper.
I want the orange cube behind the chili.
orange cube past the green pepper
The cube behind the pepper.
it is the orange cube between the pepper and tan cup
Pick up the orange cube in front of the jalapeno.
Hand me the orange cube furthest to your left.
Pick the orange cube between the jalapeno pepper and the small pot for plants.
I want the orange cube between the pot and the chili.
The cube between the pepper and the cup.
please get me the orange cube  to the left of the pepper
bring the orange cube between the pot and the jalapeno.
please get me the orange cube  to the right of the cup
hand me the orange cube closest to you.
I want the cube in front of you between the red cup and the tool with the rubber handle.
The cube between the mug and the mouse.
orange cube  closest to you
bring the orange cube between the silver object and the red mug.
it is the orange cube on the right side nearest to you
The cube between the cup and the garlic press.
Give me the orange cube behind the red cup.
Bring the orange cube on the far right, in front of the red cup.
it is the orange cube farthest to the right
I want the cube that is the furthest to your right that is behind the red cup.
I want the orange cube that is behind the red cup.
The cube behind the mug.
please get me the orange cube  behind the mug
The orange block on the far right of the robot behind the mug.
please get me the orange cube  behind the tool
it is the orange cube on the right side nearest me
The second one from the left on the bottom.
the orange cube behind the garlic press
The cube behind the garlic press and to the left from the syringe.
orange cube between me and the scoop
it is the orange cube in the very middle just past the tan cup
Hand me the orange cube that is the third from your left of orange cubes.
orange cube in the middle between the tape and ice cream scoop
please get me the orange cube  behind the flowerpot
The cube between the syringe and the little cup.
I want the cube that is in the middle between the tape, the syringe and the pot.
Orange block between the tape and pot
Give me the orange cube behind the tan flowerpot.
orange cube nearest the green pepper
please get me the orange cube  between the pepper and tape
it is the orange cube between the pepper and the black tape
the orange cube between the pepper and tape
Pick the orange cube that is flanked by two other orange cubes, and is between the jalapeno pepper and the black roll of tape.
I want the cube that is in between the tape and the pepper on the left.
orange cube between the pepper and tape
Please hand me the orange cube to your very left.
Take the orange block between the tape and purple block
the orange cube between the tape and purple cube
orange cube to your far left
Please get me the cube to the left of the black masking tape
Pick the orange cube that is between the purple cube and the roll of black tape.
it is the cube farthest to the left
I want the cube to your left and farthest away between the tape and the purple cube.
orange cube on the far right
the orange cube behind the tape
please get me the orange cube  by the bigger black cube
Bring me the orange cube near the brown cup.
it is the orange cube farthest to the right
I want the cube that is between the black box and the tool with a black handle.
Pick the orange cube between the black pencil sharpener and the other black and metal object.
I want the orange cube in between the red cube and the garlic press.
hand me the orange cube that is to the left of the syringe
please get me the orange cube  to the left of the tool
Hand me the orange cube that is between the syringe and the garlic press.
It is the one closest to the middle
bring the cube between the red mug and the garlic press.
Hand the the orange cube that is the second orange cube from your right.
pick the orange box parallel to the red cup.
The orange block close to the robot between the two mugs.
please get me the orange cube  between the mugs
it is in the middle near the red and tan cups close to you
I want the orange cube that is in front of the red cube to left of the brown cup.
the orange cube in to the left of the brown cup
The orange cube is in front of the robot, and it is placed in between yellow and brown cup and there is a chili in front of the orange cube
Orange cube in front of the coffee mug
orange cube  closest to you
The cube behind the cup.
it is the orange cube on your left side just past the red cup
The cube behind the red mug.
bring the orange cube between the syringe and red mug.
hand me the orange cube that is closest to me
please get me the orange cube  closest to me
orange cube to the left of the syringe
The orange block in the front left, in front of the pepper.
pick the orange box before the green chilli.
I want the orange cube that is front of the chili to the right of the purple cube.
Give me the orange cube in front of the jalapeno.
it is the orange cube between you and the pepper
orange cube on the left between you and pepper
please get me the orange cube to the right of the pepper
Pick up the orange cube behind and to the left of the jalapeno.
Orange cube behind and to the left of the pepper
I want the cube on the left side between the pepper and the purple cube.
orange cube to the top left of the green pepper
The orange cube between the jalapeno and the far purple cube.
please get me the orange cube  to the left of the pepper
Pick the orange cube on the left side between chilli and purple cube.
it is the orange cube farthest to the left
pick the orange cube behind the tape.
The cube right behind the box.
please get me the orange cube between the lemon and plane
Orange cube nearest the tape
Hand me the orange cube in front of the black tape.
I want the orange cube in the center of the black tape, lemon, and toy.
orange cube just past the black tape
Behind the electric tape.
it is the orange cube that is farthest to the right
please get me the orange cube  closest to me
hand me the orange cube that is in front of me
The further cube between the plane and the lemon.
orange cube on the far right close to me
The cube behind and to the left of the lemon.
it is the orange cube nearest to me
Orange cube nearest you
Hand me the orange cube that is closest to my left.
orange cube to your far right
the orange cube between the cords and tape.
orange cube  closest to you
Pick an orange cube in front of plane.
please get me the orange cube  closest to you
Take the orange block between the tape and cables
it is the orange cube nearest to you
Bring me the orange cube in front of the airplane, closest to you.
I want the orange cube between the av cables and the syringe.
it is the orange cube in the middle
The cube between the wire and the syringe.
orange cube past the wires
hand me the orange cube that is in between syringe and black cord
orange cube between the syringe and cords
I want the cube that is in between the syringe and the cable.
please get me the orange cube  behind the cords
hand me the orange cube that is to right of syringe
The cube to the left of the syringe.
it is the orange cube closest to me on the left
orange cube near me to the left of the syringe
Pick the orange box in between the cap and blue box.
please get me the orange cube to the left of the syringe
I want the orange cube that is to the left of the syringe.
it is the orange cube farthest to the left
Bring me the orange cube near the pepper
Take the orange block next to the green chili
Pick the orange cube that is to the left of the jalapeno pepper.
please get me the orange cube  to the left of the pepper
I want the orange cube that is to the left of the chili.
the orange cube between the two purple cubes
Pick up the orange cube furthest to your left
it is the orange cube between the lemon and pepper
Bring me the orange cube near the lemon and the pepper.
I want the orange cube between the chili and the lemon.
The cube between the red pepper and the lemon.
hand me the orange cube between the lime and jalapeno.
grab the orange cube between the lemon and jalapeño
Pick the orange cube that is behind the jalapeno pepper but in front of the lemon.
please get me the orange cube  behind the pepper
please get me the orange cube  closest to me
orange cube between me and lemon
Hand me the orange cube that is closest to my left.
Pick up the orange cube all the way in the back on your right.
The cube behind and to the left of the lemon.
hand me the orange cube that is in front of you
it is the orange cube farthest to the right near me
I want the orange cube in front of you, between the chili and the toy.
hand me the orange cube that is in between jalapeño and airplane
Hand me the orange cube that is closest to you.
please get me the orange cube  closest to you
Take the orange block between the toy airplane and green chili pepper
Bring me the orange cube closest to you.
bring the orange cube between the pepper and the plane.
it is the orange cube nearest to you
Give me the orange cube that is between the plane and the black tape.
it is the orange cube between the yellow toy and black tape
Orange cube directly behind the plane
Hand me the cube that is the third orange cube over from your left.
Pick the orange cube behind the aeroplane to the left.
orange cube between the toy and the tape roll
The cube between the tape and the syringe.
The orange cube to the left of the robot behind the roll of tape.
it is the orange cube that is nearest to me on your left side
Hand me the orange cube closest to me on the right.
Pick the orange cube that has the roll of black tape in front of it, and a purple cube to its left.
I want the orange cube behind the black tape.
The cube behind the tape.
Please get me the orange cube behind the black masking tape
The orange cube on the left side of the robot and its near to two pin cable, its somewhat inbetween the two purple cube.
I want the cute that is on the left hand side between the tape and the cord.
bring the orange cube between the purple cube and cords.
please get me the orange cube  to the left of the cables
Orange block furthest left
I want the orange cube to the left of the black tape and the av cables.
Hand me orange cube that is furthest on your left.
it is the orange cube farthest to the left
please get me the orange cube that is the right most
I want the orange cube that is between the green cube and purple cube on the right.
it is the orange cube farthest to the right
The orange cube between the green and purple cubes.
Pick up the orange cube behind the green cube.
The orange cube on the right side between the purple and red cube.
Pick up the orange cube furthest on your right
the orange cube to the left of the red and green cubes
please get me the orange cube closest to me
Hand me the second orange cube from your right.
Give me the orange cube behind the yellow cube on the right.
it is the orange cube nearest to me
The orange cube between the red and purple cube.
I want the orange cube nearest to me.
The orange cube that is in front of you in between two red cubes.
hand me the orange cube that is closer to you
pick up the orange cube between the two red cubes.
it is the orange cube nearest to you right in the middle
orange cube to your close front left
I want the cube directly in front of you that is between the red cubes to the front left and back right.
Orange cube furthest front
please get me the orange cube  closest to you
The orange cube between the yellow and red cubes.
I want the orange cube between the yellow and red cube on the left.
it is the orange cube that is farthest to the left between the red and yellow cube
please get me the orange cube that is the left most
An orange cube to the right in front of yellow cube.
orange cube to your far left
Furthest orange cube to the left
Pick up the orange cube directly in front of the yellow cube but behind the red cube.
hand me the orange cube that is in between red cube and yellow cube on the right
it is the orange cube farthest to the right
the orange cube in front of the jelly.
The orange cube on the far right of the robot in front of the vaseline.
orange cube on the far right
Pick the orange cube in front of vaseline.
please get me the orange cube  in front of the vaseline
orange cube in front of the blue capped container
it is the orange cube between the vaseline and tan bowl
please get me the orange cube  to the left of the vaseline
Hand me the orange cube that is the second from your right.
The orange block between the bowl and vaseline.
orange cube between the wooden bowl and blue capped container
The orange cube is facing right side of the robot, its is in between the vaseline and a sandal cup
I want the orange cube to the left of the vaseline and right of the bowl.
The furthest cube between the vaseline and wooden bowl.
Hand me to orange cube closest to me, to the right of the bowl.
Give me the orange cube behind the wooden bowl.
Orange block furthest from the robot
please get me the orange cube  closest to me
it is the orange one that is nearest to me
The orange block farthest away from the robot,, behind and to the right of the bowl.
orange cube closest to me
I want the orange cube between the chili and the purple cube closest to you.
Take the orange cube between the green chili pepper and purple cube
hand me the orange cube that is to the right of the jalapeño
Orange cube left of the pepper
please get me the orange cube  closest to you
Hand me the orange cube closest to you.
it is the orange cube nearest to you
I want the cube in front of you between the pepper and the purple cube.
hand me the orange cube that is on the far right
Pick up the orange cube to the left of the black and metal object.
it is the orange cube on the far left
please get me the orange cube  to the left of the tool
The cube to the left of the garlic crusher.
I want the cube that is to the left of the tool with the black handle.
I want the orange cube that is to the left of the garlic press.
Orange block furthest left
The cube right in front of the scoop.
please get me the orange cube  in front of the tool
the orange cube in front of the garlic press
Bring the orange cube on the far right.
Orange block in front of the garlic press
Hand me the orange cube furthest to your right.
it is the orange cube farthest to the right
Pick the rightmost orange cube in front of the spoon.
The orange block on the far right of the robot, in front of the utensil.
Pick the orange cube in front of  wooden bowl.
orange cube between you and the bowl
Orange cube nearest the wooden bowl
it is the orange cube between you and the tan bowl
hand me the orange cube that is front of me
please get me the orange cube  in front of the bowl
Pick up the orange cube directly in front of the wooden bowl
Pick up the orange cube that is closest to the wooden bowl.
The cube in front of the bowl.
orange cube closest to me
The cube between the black and chrome object and the syringe.
Frontmost orange cube besides the spoon.
please get me the orange cube closest to me
it is the orange cube nearest to me
The cube behind the wooden bowl.
I want the orange cube between the garlic press and the syringe.
bring the orange cube next to the purple cube that's nearest to you.
it is near you on your left, next to the blue and white container
please get me the orange cube  in fron of the vaseloine
orange cube to your near left
orange cube to the left of the bowl near the blue cube
I want the orange cube that is in front of the vaseline.
Bring me the orange cube close to the vaseline and closest to you.
Bring the orange cube behind the vaseline container.
hand me the orange cube that is behind vasoline
it is the orange cube between the vaseline and syringe
The cube between the syringe and the Vaseline.
I want the orange cube between the syringe and the vaseline.
orange cube to your far left
please get me the orange cube  behind the vaseline
please get me the orange cube  that is the right most
orange cube on the far right
hand me the orange cube that is to the far left
The cube to the right of the red pepper.
it is the orange cube farthest to the right
Give me the cube to the right of the jalapeno.
Orange block furthest to the right
The orange block on the robot's far right, between the pepper and the utensil.
orange cube closest to you
retrieve the cube that is in the middle of the first row of cubes.
The closest orange cube in front of you.
The closest orange cube.
The want the orange cube between the purple cubes closest to you.
orange cube directly in front of you
it is the orange cube nearest to you
Orange block closest to the robot
please get me the orange cube  closest to you
hand me the orange cube that is to left of wood bowl
it is the orange cube between the pepper and tan bowl
orange cube to the right of the wooden bowl
orange cube to the right and in front of the brown bowl
The cube between the red pepper and the bowl.
The cube between the wooden bowl and the pepper.
orange cube between the green pepper and wood bowl
please get me the orange cube  to the right of the bowl
orange cube on the far left near the bowl
please get me the orange cube  to the left of the bowl
orange block on the left of the wooden bowl
it is the orange cube farthest to the left pretty near you
Hand me the orange cube furthest on your left.
bring the orange cube between the petroleum jelly and purple cube that's nearest to you.
Go to your left past the purple one.
I want the orange cube that is in front of the purple cube that is closest to me.
please get me the orange cube  closest to me
Get the orange cube between the bowl and the farthest purple cube.
Bring the orange cube that is to the right and in front of the vaseline.
Bring me the orange cube behind the bowl near the blue cube.
Orange block furthest from the robot
it is the orange cube nearest to me
Pick up the orange cube that is the furtherst away from you.
I want the cube on the right that is between the bottle and the pepper.
it is the orange cube farthest to the right
The orange cube directly above the green chili stem,
the orange cube right of the bottle
orange cube  furthest to the right
please get me the orange cube  to the right of the pepper
orange cube to your far right
please get me the orange cube  closest to me
bring me the orange cube that is nearest to me.
it is the orange cube nearest to me
I want the orange cube that is right of the toy, closest to me.
hand me the orange cube that is to the left of the airplane
The cube to the right of the toy plane.
The far cube between the plane and the bottle.
Hand me the orange cube that is to the right of the syringe.
orange cube between the syringe and dark bottle
Orange block between the pepper and syrange
one to the near right of the syringe
it is the orange cube between the pepper and syringe
bring the orange cube between the syringe and pepper.
Please give me the orange cube that is just to the left of the jalapeño pepper.
Pick the orange cube in the centre of  plane, syringe and chilly.
please get me the orange cube  to the right of the syringe
The closest orange cube.
Bring me the orange cube near you and the syringe.
hand me the orange cube that is in front of you
I want the orange cube that is in front of the syringe.
Orange cube furthest from you
The cube in front of the syringe.
it is the orange cube nearest to you
Pick the orange cube in front of you.
please get me the orange cube closest to you
Pick up the orange cube that is between two purple cubes.
orange cube on the far left
The cube between the plane and closer purple cube.
I want the cube that is to your left and in between the 2 purple cubes.
I want the orange cube that is behind that purple cube closest to you.
please get me the orange cube  to the left of the plane
it is the orange cube on the left side
I want the cube that is on the right between the pepper and the purple cube.
please get me the orange cube  in front of the pepper
it is the orange cube farthest to the right and nearest to you
orange cube on the right between you and the green pepper
hand me the orange cube that is on the right
The orange cube between the pepper and the purple cube.
I want the orange cube that is between the purple cube and the chili on the right.
bring the orange cube nearest to me that's by the pepper.
please get me the orange cube  behind the pepper
hand me the orange cube that is in front of syringe
is is on the bottom right between the pepper and black bottle
orange cube between me and the pepper
orange cube past the green pepper
I want the orange cube that is behind the chili.
it is the orange cube nearest to you
please get me the orange cube in front of the syringe
The orange block between the toy plane and the syringe.
Bring me the orange cube between the airplane and the syringe.
I want the orange cube in front of the syringe.
orange cube to your close front
The cube between the plane and the syringe.
it is the orange cube nearest me
pick up the orange cube behind and to the left of the black bottle
Hand me the orange cube closest to me.
Pick the orange cube that has the brown medicine bottle on its left, the syringe at its top, and the purple cube to its right.
I want the orange cube behind the syringe.
The cube behind the syringe.
please get me the orange cube  behind the syringe
bring the orange cube between the bottle and the dark cube.
please get me the orange cube  to the left of the syringe
Hand me the orange cube furthest on your left.
I want the cube that is the furthest to the left that is next to the syringe and in between the 2 purple cubes.
The cube to the left of the syringe.
orange cube furthest to the left
bring the orange cube between the two purple cubes on your left.
it is the orange cube that is farthest to the left
The cube to the left of the syringe.
Give me the orange cube to the right of the vaseline.
Bring the orange cube on the far right, below the purple cube.
it is the orange cube farthest to the right
I want the cube that is the furthest to your right between the bottle and the purple cube.
I want the orange cube that is between the vanilla extract and the purple cube to the right.
The orange cube in front of the bottle.
please get me the orange cube  in front of the vanilla extract
The orange block on the far right of the robot behind and to the right of the syringe.
please get me the orange cube  closest to you
it is the orange cube nearest to you
In front above the Vaseline.
the orange cube in front of the petroleum jelly
The cube directly in front of the Vaseline.
orange cube closest to you
it is the orange cube nearest to me
Hand me the orange cube closest to me.
orange cube closest to me
please get me the orange cube  closest to me
The cube behind the Vaseline.
I want the cube that is the farthest away from you behind the Vaseline.
Orange block furthest away from the robot
Give me the orange cube behind the vaseline.
orange cube between the pepper and the blue topped container
please get me the orange cube  to the right of the pepper
it is the orange cube between the vaseline and the pepper
the orange cube between the jelly and pepper
Pick the orange cube that is between the jar of Vaseline and the jalapeno pepper.
I want the cube that is in between the Vaseline and the pepper.
orange cube between the vaseline and pepper
Hand me the orange cube to your very left.
Take the orange cube between the wood bowl and purple block
the orange cube left of the pepper
orange cube to the left of the green pepper
please get me the cube to the left of the jalapeno
Pick the orange cube that is on the outside and has the jalapeno pepper to its left, and the wooden bowl below it.
it is the orange cube the farthest to the left
I want the cube that is the furthest left in the middle of the bowl, the pepper and the purple cube.
orange cube on the far right between the syringe and vaseline
the orange cube in front of the syringe
please get me the orange cube  in front of the syringe
Bring me the orange cube between the vaseline and the syringe.
it is the orange cube farthest to the right
I want the cube on the right hand side that is close to the syringe and behind the black cube.
Pick the orange cube between the syringe and the purple cube.
I want the orange cube closest to me.
hand me the orange cube that is in front of you
please get me the orange cube  closest to me
Give me the orange cube that is farthest from you, between the syringe and the jalepeno.
it is the orange one nearest to me, on the far right corner near me
bring the orange cube nearest me next to the pepper.
Hand me the orange cube closest to me.
pick the orange box in between the green chilli and syringe.
The orange block closest to the robot, to the right of the vial.
please get me the orange cube  closest to you
it is on your right side and near you
I want the orange cube between that vanilla extract and the purple cube on the right.
the orange cube to the left of the purple cube
the orange cube is on right front of the robot, it is nearer to the robot and is in front of the vaseline bottle, there is a purple cube nearby
Orange cube in front of the vaseline
orange cube close to you on the right side
The nearest cube behind the little bottle.
it is the orange cube just in front of you past the dark container
The cube directly behind the brown bottle.
bring the orange cube between the bottle and petroleum jelly.
hand me the orange cube that is to the right of vasoline
please get me the orange cube  behind the vanilla extract
orange cube to your close middle
The orange block between the utensil and the pepper.
pick the orange box between the green chilli and the key chain.
I want the orange cube that is between the garlic press and the chili.
Give me the orange cube between the jalapeno and garlic press.
it is the orange cube between the pepper and ice cream scoop
orange cube  between pepper and scoop
please get me the orange cube  to the left of the pepper
pick up the orange cube behind the airplane.
Orange cube to the right of the plane
I want the cube on the right hand side between the airplane and the syringe.
orange cube past the airplane
The cube behind the plane.
please get me the orange cube  behind the plane
Pick the orange cube on the right most  side near of the toy aeroplane.
it is the orange cube farthest to the right
pick the orange cube between the aeroplane and the blue box.
The orange cube between the plane and the scoop.
please get me the orange cube  to the left of the plane
Orange cube between the garlic press and the plane
Hand me the orange cube closest to you on your right that is next to a purple cube.
I want the orange cube between the garlic press and the toy.
orange cube to the left of the plane
Left of the air plane.
it is the orange cube in the middle between the ice cream scoop and yellow toy
please get me the orange cube closest to you
hand me the orange cube that is in front of you
The cube in front of the scoop.
orange cube closest to you
The cube directly in front of the garlic press.
it is the orange cube nearest to you
Orange cube furthest away from you
Hand me the orange cube closest to you.
orange cube to your close front
the orange cube between the syringe and purple cube.
orange cube closest to me
Pick the orange cube in front of me.
please get me the orange cube  closest to me
Take the orange cube between the Vaseline and plastic syringe
it is the orange cube nearest to me
Bring me the orange cube between the vaseline and the syringe.
I want the orange cube between the garlic press and the vaseline.
it is the orange cube in the middle between the ice cream scoop and vaseline
The cube between the scoop and the vaseline.
orange cube to the right of the green pepper
hand me the orange cube that is on right
orange cube between the scoop and vaseline
I want the cube that is in between the Vaseline and the tool with the rubber handle.
please get me the orange cube  in front of the vaseline
hand me the orange cube that is to the left
The cube behind the bowl.
it is the orange cube farthest to the right
orange cube on the far right
Bring the red cube behind the cup.
please get me the orange cube  behind the bowl
I want the orange cube that is behind that bowl.
it is the orange cube between the vaseline and tan bowl
Bring me the orange cube near the vaseline and the bowl.
Take the orange cube near the vase
Pick the orange cube that is in front of the jar of Vaseline, and to the left of the wooden bowl.
please get me the orange cube  in front of the vaseline
I want the orange cube that is in front of the vaseline to left of the wooden bowl.
the orange cube in front of the petroleum jelly.
pick up the orange cube in front and to the right of the jar
it is the orange cube between the pepper and tan bowl
Bring me the orange cube near the pepper and the bowl.
I want the orange cube between the bowl and the chili.
The cube between the red pepper and the bowl.
Hand me the orange cube closest to the syringe.
hand me the orange cube to the right of the syringe
Pick the orange cube that is between the syringe and the jalapeno pepper.
please get me the orange cube  to the right of the pepper
please get me the orange cube  closest to you
orange cube closest to you
Hand me the orange cube closest to you.
Pick up the orange cube closet to you
The cube in front of the red pepper.
hand me the orange cube that is closer to you
it is the orange cube nearest to you
I want the orange cube to the left, between the chili and the garlic press.
hand me the orange cube that is behind jalapeño
Hand me the orange cube furthest on your left.
please get me the orange cube behind the pepper
Take the cube between the green chili pepper and the kitchen utensil
Bring me the orange cube above the green pepper.
bring the orange cube between the pepper and garlic press.
it is the orange cube farthest to the left
Give me the orange cube that is to the right of the bottle.
it is the orange cube farthest to the right
Orange cube right and front of the pepper
Hand me the orange cube that is furthest on your right.
Pick the right most orange cube front of chilly.
orange cube farthest to the right
The cube to the right of the little bottle.
The orange block farthest away and to the right of the robot, behind the pepper.
it is the orange cube nearest to me on the right side
Hand me the orange cube closest to me on my left.
Pick the orange cube that is directly behind the jalapeno pepper.
I want the orange cube behind the chili.
The cube behind the red pepper.
Please get me the orange cube behind the green pepper
The orange cube is in front of the robot facing robots right side, its found in between a bottle and a syringe
I want the cube that is in front of you that is in between the black bottle and the syringe.
bring the orange cube between the syringe and bottle.
to the left of the vanilla extract
Orange block left of the vanilla
I want the orange cube between the syringe and the vanilla extract.
Hand me the orange cube in the middle of the vanilla and the syringe.
it is the orange cube closest to the middle a little to the right
please get me the orange cube  behind the tool
I want the orange cube behind the garlic press.
it is the orange cube nearest to me in the middle
The orange cube behind the scoop.
Pick up the orange cube behind the silver utensil.
The orange cube behind the garlic press.
pick up the orange cube directly in front of me.
the orange cube in front of the garlic press.
please get me the orange cube  in front of the tool
Hand me the orange cube furthest on your left.
Give me the orange cube in front of the garlic press.
it is the orange cube farthest to the left pretty near you
The red cube to the left of the syringe.
I want the orange cube between the purple cube and the garlic press close to you.
